rewrite and extend the list of software (#22)
SovereignCloudStack/.github: profile/README.md

## Modular Open Source Ecosystem

SCS is build on the shoulders of giants. Without the tremendous work of various open source communities SCS wouldn't be where it is today. What has started in the beginnings of the SCS funding project as "the reference implementation" already turned to the 'turn-key solution' in the last year of the funding project and has evolved to an ecosystem of Open Source Software.

We invite you to take a look at the following projects that play a role in the SCS landscape:

- [ARKO](https://github.com/dNationCloud/kubernetes-monitoring) - a monitoring stack, partially developed by dNation during the SCS funding project.
- [ClusterStacks](https://github.com/SovereignCloudStack/cluster-stacks) and the [ClusterStackOperator](https://github.com/SovereignCloudStack/cluster-stack-operator)
- [OSISM](https://github.com/OSISM/) the initial IaaS reference implementation as well as the various projects from OSISM, such as the [OpenStack Flavor Manager](https://github.com/osism/openstack-flavor-manager) and the [OpenStack Image Manager](https://github.com/osism/openstack-image-manager/)

> - [uStack](https://gitlab.com/uhurutec/stack/ustack) - uStack is a GitOps-based installer for OpenStack on Kubernetes using YAOOK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [uStack](https://gitlab.com/uhurutec/stack/ustack) - uStack is a GitOps-based integration layer for OpenStack on Kubernetes using YAOOK, similar to OSISM with OpenStack Kolla-Ansible.
```

> - [YAOOK](https://yaook.cloud) - Yaook is a distribution of Openstack on top of kubernetes.

Reviewer 2: I think it would be good to extend here a bit and link those to the SCS ecosystem. Both of them are solutions, which allow and actively support an SCS compliant deployment and AFAIK, there are certified SCS environments using those out there, so we should mention that as well.

Reviewer 2: @anjastrunk @mbuechse @scoopex @jschoone any suggestions how we should phrase this?

Author: > I think it would be good to extend here a bit and link those to the SCS ecosystem. Both of them are solutions, which allow and actively support an SCS compliant deployment and AFAIK, there are certified SCS environments using those out there, so we should mention that as well.

Indeed @jklare - thanks for pinging the others regarding those two lines, much appreciated!

Author: Looping in @horazont, @mrhopeman or @harmathy as they're very involved with yaook as well.

Reviewer 3: lgtm

Reviewer 4: I would prefer the following description for Yaook: "Yaook is a lifecycle management tool for OpenStack on top of Kubernetes". In the context of ALASCA, we use it this way in the descriptions (see, for example, https://alasca.cloud/projects/yaook/). And in my understanding it's "Yaook" and not "YAOOK" today.

Author: > lgtm

@harmathy I was hoping that you could maybe provide a better sentence for yaook (as @jklare commented) :)

Author: @berendt thanks. that is good. I'll adjust the PR.

Reviewer 3: @berendt both YAOOK and Yaook are used. But you're right Yaook is most commonly used.

Reviewer 5: > I would prefer the following description for Yaook: "Yaook is a lifecycle management tool for OpenStack on top of Kubernetes". In the context of ALASCA, we use it this way in the descriptions (see, for example, https://alasca.cloud/projects/yaook/). And in my understanding it's "Yaook" and not "YAOOK" today.

I like the description of @berendt as we are not really a own distribution.

Reviewer 3: > > I would prefer the following description for Yaook: "Yaook is a lifecycle management tool for OpenStack on top of Kubernetes". In the context of ALASCA, we use it this way in the descriptions (see, for example, https://alasca.cloud/projects/yaook/). And in my understanding it's "Yaook" and not "YAOOK" today.
> 
> I like the description of @berendt as we are not really a own distribution.

Technically we are a distribution since we package our own OpenStack images.

Author: @mrhopeman @harmathy since you two are the maintainers of Yaook, I leave it to you two to finalize that sentence and whether or not to call it a distribution.

Reviewer 5: I guess our main wording and focus is "lifecycle management tool". We can add an "and distribution" but till now we didn't put to much focus on that.

Reviewer 3: @fkr  @mrhopeman  that's fine with me!

Author: thanks! adjusted.

Reviewer 5: th, LGTM, not sure, if I should resolve this discussion or someone else should (as I didn't started it) so if it's fine that I resolve this, you can do so as well.
